Feedback UI documentation (#57)
bucketco/bucket-tracking-sdk: README.md

});
```

#### Bucket feedback UI

> Bucket can help you collect feedback from your users by providing you with a UI. This lets you get started with collecting feedback with minimal code and affort.

Author: ```suggestion
Bucket can assist you with collecting your user's feedback by offering a pre-built user interface (UI), allowing you to get started with minimal code and effort.
```
